adding banner pointing to new STENV repo (#764)
astroconda/astroconda-contrib: README.rst

Astroconda
##########

.. warning::

>     For newer versions of Python and support for the JWST pipeline, we recommend that users use ``stenv`` (https://github.com/spacetelescope/stenv) to manage local installation of space telescope packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For newer versions of Python and support for the JWST pipeline, we recommend that users use ``stenv`` (https://github.com/spacetelescope/stenv) to manage local installation of STScI packages.
```
